---
layout: project
title: B34-N
group_count: 16
url: https://futuregames.itch.io/b34-n
url_text: Itch.io
---
(We were 5 programmers)

# Networking
Two windows of the same game playing together.

{% include preload_img.html
  src="/assets/projects/b34n/Multiplayer.gif"
  width="550px"
  height="292px"
  alt="Gif showing gameplay from B34-N"
%}

The networking was implemented using the [Mirror](https://mirror-networking.com/) library as well as [Mono.Nat](https://github.com/alanmcgovern/Mono.Nat) for upnp. 

Most of the networking code was either written by me or partially written by me, which leads me to my biggest failure during this project; I didn't explain how to use the Mirror library to the other programmers well enough, meaning sometimes hours were spent on simple problems. This could have easily been prevented if we just went through the Mirror starter guide together.

The networking does work as it should in the end product with no major bugs, the game ends for both players when one quits, HUD (mostly done by another) and lobby UI is synced, there is local network server discovery although without any meta data.

# Throwable healing field
{% include preload_img.html
  src="/assets/projects/b34n/HealingField.gif"
  width="550px"
  height="295px"
  alt="Gif showing the usage of the healing field"
%}

A mostly reusable throwable item, that in this case heals the player in a radius upon landing. It has a guide line showing where it will land. 

The landing position is calculated rather cruedly, first raycasting from the pointer location on the screen to check if the player is pointing onto ground, as well as get the direction and distance from the player; if the distance is lower than the max allowed distance just use the first raycast hit, otherwise raycast up and down from a point calculated using the max distance and the direction previously gathered. 

# Minor contributions

 - Implemented FMOD (audio) events.
 - Implementation of animation blend tree for single shot and continuous shooting, separate leg and body animations, throw animation, dash and hacking animations.
 - "Hacking" ability.
   - Also uses an interface.

<!-- 
Adam Janus (GD BOD)
Leo Raitaniemi (GD BOD)
Mattias Hellström  (GD SKE)
Lucas Pettersson  (GD SKE)
Ruslan Biba  (GD SKE)
Gautham Satheesh (GA BOD)
Gordon Bengtsson (GA BOD)
Petter Sumelius QA
André Stålarw QA
Oskar Dufva Sundström (GPM K)
William Isacsson (GP BOD)
Malte Linde Neveling (GP BOD)
Max Vendel (GP SKE)
Jessie Viitanen GP21
Rafiu Abayomi Agbabiaka  (PM)
Hugo Goldstyn  (PM) 
-->