index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Malte LN
---

{% include project_card.html 
	title="Rift Breaker" 
	date="2023 September - 4 weeks" 
	image="rift_breaker.png" 
	video="5gsygQafOQM" 
	read-more="/projects/riftbreaker"
	content=
"
Step into the extraordinary world of Rift Breaker, a first-person shooter where you'll confront a malevolent AI that has seized control of your very game.

Armed with your weapon kit, you'll navigate between two parallel gaming realities: the raw Blockout Level and the polished Master State. Seamlessly transition between these distinct worlds, each with its unique identity as you journey through captivating scenes, from the grandeur of a Museum Interior to the bustling streets of a Bazaar.

Engage in exhilarating parkour movement, from gravity-defying wall runs to lightning-fast slides and dashes. Customize your approach to every run mastering the art of precise shooting while teleporting between gaming realities.

Are you ready to break through the rift and reclaim your gaming paradise? “Rift Breaker“ offers an exhilarating, time-bending experience where you must rise against the AI and rewrite your own destiny.
"
%}

{% include project_card.html 
	title="ECOCIDE" 
	date="2023 May - 7 weeks" 
	image="ecocide.png" 
	video="T7aXZeEGoUo"
	read-more="/projects/ecocide"
	content=
"
Long ago nature started to endure the exploits of humanity. Over many centuries it has coped with its own destruction in the name of economic growth. Now, in the era of major industrial expansion, nature’s last untouched grove is in danger, and the awakening of its wrath has come!

Take on the role as the force of nature & utilize the powers of natural phenomenon, as you swing around defending yourself from the clutches of mans greed by throwing, clawing, & blowing them into oblivion! Or consume them to regain energy to further your rage! All while racking up the highest score!
"
%}

{% include project_card.html 
	title="B34-N" 
	date="2023 Febuary - 4 weeks" 
	image="B34-N.png" 
	video="G3C1li83WUY"
	read-more="/projects/b34n"
	content=
"
B34-N is an online multiplayer asymmetrical top-down cooperative shooter. 
This was our second game project at Futuregames, and can only be described as a failure. However, due to the unique aspect of online multiplayer I feel it is worth showcasing. Particularly since the online was my responsibility.
"
%}

Commit message:

ecocide page mostly complete, and some code block changes

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Malte LN
---

{% include project_card.html 
	title="Rift Breaker" 
	date="2023 September - 4 weeks" 
	image="rift_breaker.png" 
	video="5gsygQafOQM" 
	read-more="/projects/riftbreaker"
	content=
"
Step into the extraordinary world of Rift Breaker, a first-person shooter where you'll confront a malevolent AI that has seized control of your very game.

Armed with your weapon kit, you'll navigate between two parallel gaming realities: the raw Blockout Level and the polished Master State. Seamlessly transition between these distinct worlds, each with its unique identity as you journey through captivating scenes, from the grandeur of a Museum Interior to the bustling streets of a Bazaar.

Engage in exhilarating parkour movement, from gravity-defying wall runs to lightning-fast slides and dashes. Customize your approach to every run mastering the art of precise shooting while teleporting between gaming realities.

Are you ready to break through the rift and reclaim your gaming paradise? “Rift Breaker“ offers an exhilarating, time-bending experience where you must rise against the AI and rewrite your own destiny.
"
%}

{% include project_card.html 
	title="ECOCIDE" 
	date="2023 May - 7 weeks" 
	image="ecocide.png" 
	video="T7aXZeEGoUo"
	read-more="/projects/ecocide"
	content=
"
Ecocide is a first person ability/grab and throw based defensive action game. It was my third game project at Futuregames.
- Working with **C++** in **Unreal Engine 5**
- Ragdoll System
- Windblast Ability
- Spike Wall
"
%}

{% include project_card.html 
	title="B34-N" 
	date="2023 Febuary - 4 weeks" 
	image="B34-N.png" 
	video="G3C1li83WUY"
	read-more="/projects/b34n"
	content=
"
B34-N is an online multiplayer top-down cooperative shooter. 
This was my second game project at Futuregames, and can only be described as a failure. However, due to the unique aspect of online multiplayer I feel it is worth showcasing.
- Working with **C#** in **Unity**
- Implementing online networking using the **Mirror** library
"
%}
